{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Balthisar Tidy
\fs26 \
and\

\fs48 JSDTidyDocument
\fs26  (a Cocoa adaptation of TidyLib)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc
\cf0 \'a92003 by James S. Derry\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li1440\ri-5020\qc
\cf0 portions \CocoaLigature0 Copyright \'a91998-2003 World Wide Web Consortium (Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique, Keio University). All Rights Reserved.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\

\fs48 Welcome
\fs26 \
	Welcome to Balthisar Tidy and JSDTidyDocument. You've successfully uncovered the source code, so good luck using it. At this point you should be aware that is an almalgamation of two separate projects with very different groups working on them. TidyLib, in the "tidylib-src" group is a product of the fine people at http://tidy.sourceforge.net, and they have full responsibility for that code. The Cocoa portions are my work, and comments, suggestions, bug fixes, code contributions, and so on can be addressed to me.\
	I can't guarantee complete or prompt support, but I'll do what I can. Please try to understand the source code before you ask too many questions!\
\

\fs48 TidyLib Licensing
\fs26 \
	TidyLib is licensed under the MIT license. In short, it means you can do what you want with the code providing you leave the original copyright notice in place. This covers everything in this distribution that's found in the "tidylib-src" group. For full details of the MIT license, you could see \CocoaLigature1 http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php\CocoaLigature0 \
\

\fs48 JSDTidyDocument Licensing
\fs26 \
	JSDTidyDocument files and class are also licensed under the MIT license. Do what you want with them in the bounds of the license, but please consider giving credit where it's due, and bounce any positive changes back to me. This covers the contents of the "JSDTidy" files in the "JSDTidy" group. For full details of the MIT license, you could see \CocoaLigature1 http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php\CocoaLigature0  for the MIT license.\
\

\fs48 Balthisar Tidy Licensing
\fs26 \
	With the exception of the libraries and codes listed above, the entire remaining portion of Balthisar Tidy is licensed under the Gnu GPL. Call it a viral license if you will, but it's my baby and I'd like not to let anyone big-and-fancy take it away from me. If you're big-and-fancy and are interested in Balthisar Tidy under a different license, well, then we can talk. And don't forget you can use the above-named libraries outside this license. Please see \CocoaLigature1 http://www.opensource.org/licenses/gpl-license.php for all the complex details about the Gnu General Public License.\CocoaLigature0 \
}